Add internal anchors in component (#71)
asyncapi/asyncapi-react: docs/features/anchors.md

# Anchors

## Overview

Read the document to find out how to works internal anchors in the AsyncAPI React component.

## How anchors work

In the AsyncAPI React component is a possibility to direct to appropriate part of schema by anchors in url. Each component has a unique anchor in the `{NAME_OF_SCHEMA}--{CONTAINER|ITEM}--{ITEM_NAME}--{ITEM_PROPERTY}` format, where:

> - `{NAME_OF_SCHEMA}` is the name of schema. It is passed to component by configuration with [`schemaID`](../configuration/config-modification.md#definition) field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{SCHEMA_NAME}` is the name of a schema. It is passed to a component by configuration with the [`schemaID`](../configuration/config-modification.md#definition) field.
```

> - `{CONTAINER|ITEM}` is the name of container or item. Possible values are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{CONTAINER|ITEM}` is the name of a container or item. The possible values are:
```

>     - for `container`: `info`, `channels`, `servers`, `messages`, `schemas`

Author: I removed ITEM, because one of type (CONTAINER) is more readable.

    - for `item`: `channel`, `server`, `message`, `schema`

> - `{ITEM_NAME}` this part only appears, when on second part of anchor is item and contains `name` or `title` of item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{ITEM_NAME}` is the name of an item. It is used only when the second element of an anchor is `item` and contains `name` or `title`.
```

- `{ITEM_PROPERTY}` this part only appears, when on second part of anchor is item. Possible values are:

>     - for `channel` item: `parameters`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - for the `channel` item: `parameters`
```

    - for `server` item: `url-variables`, `security`
    - for `message` item: `headers`, `payload`, `payload-{NAME_OF_PARAMETER}`

>     - for `schema` are not defined properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - for the `schema` item: there are no defined properties
```

# Anchors

## Overview

The anchors provide the possibility to point to a particular part of a schema.

## Details

> To point to a particular part of a schema, the AsyncAPI React component uses anchors in URLs. Each component has a unique anchor in the `http://{URL}/#{SCHEMA_NAME}--{CONTAINER}--{ITEM_NAME}--{ITEM_PROPERTY}` format, where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
Each component has a unique anchor in the `http://{URL}/#{SCHEMA_NAME}--{CONTAINER}--{ITEM_NAME}--{ITEM_PROPERTY}` format, where:
```

> - `{URL}` is the URL address of a website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{URL}` is the website URL.
```

> - `{SCHEMA_NAME}` is the name of a schema. It is passed to a component by configuration with the [`schemaID`](../configuration/config-modification.md#definition) field. `schemaID` is set to `asyncapi` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{SCHEMA_NAME}` is the name of the schema. It is passed to the component by configuration with the [`schemaID`](../configuration/config-modification.md#definition) field. By default, the value of `schemaID` is always `asyncapi`.
```

> - `{CONTAINER}` is the name of a container. The possible values are: `info`, `channels`, `servers`, `messages`, `schemas`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{CONTAINER}` is the name of the container. The possible values are: `info`, `channels`, `servers`, `messages`, `schemas`.
```

> - `{ITEM_NAME}` is the `name` or `title` of an item. For `info` container are no defined items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{ITEM_NAME}` is the `name` or `title` of the item. There are no defined items for the `info` container.
```

> - `{ITEM_PROPERTY}` is the name of particular part of an item. Possible values are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{ITEM_PROPERTY}` is the name of a particular part of the item. The possible values are:
```

    - for the `info` container: there are no defined properties
    - for the `channels` container: `parameters`
    - for the `servers` container: `url-variables`, `security`
    - for the `messages` container: `headers`, `payload`, `payloads`, `payload-{NAME_OF_PARAMETER}`
    - for the `schemas` container: there are no defined properties

## Examples

> - `http://{URL}/#asyncapi` - anchor point to rendered specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `http://{URL}/#asyncapi` is an anchor that points to the rendered specification. 
```

> - `http://{URL}/#asyncapi--channels` - anchor point to `channels`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `http://{URL}/#asyncapi--channels` - is an anchor that points to the `channels` container of the `asyncapi` specification.
```

> - `http://{URL}/#asyncapi--channels--testUrl` - anchor point to `testUrl` item of `channels`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `http://{URL}/#asyncapi--channels--testUrl` is an anchor that points to the `testUrl` item of the `channels` container.
```

> - `http://{URL}/#asyncapi--channels--testUrl--parameters` - anchor point to `parameters` part of `testUrl` item of `channels`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `http://{URL}/#asyncapi--channels--testUrl--parameters` - is an anchor that points to the `parameters` part of the `testUrl` item of the `channels` container.
```
